fix(cli): restore positional config discovery (#433)
grafana/oats: docs/cli.md

`oats` from anywhere inside a project. Pass `--config <path>` to use a specific
file instead.

For compatibility with directory-based invocations, if that search finds no
config, `oats <project-dir>` loads `<project-dir>/oats-config.yaml`. A single

> positional config file works too. This means CI does not need to replace an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
positional config file works too. This means existing usage does not need to replace an
```

Run the cases. Bare `oats` is an implicit `run`; the explicit `run` subcommand is
identical. With no positional args every case in the config runs; positional
**paths** (files or directories) restrict the run to cases at or under them —
they normally scope *which* cases run. If config discovery from the current
directory fails, a single positional argument instead selects the config as
described above.

```sh
oats                              # run every case

> oats ./tests/acceptance            # load ./tests/acceptance/oats-config.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oats ./tests/acceptance           # load ./tests/acceptance/oats-config.yaml
```
